SALES & PROFIT ANALYSIS BY LANDMARK
By region
By states
SALES &PROFIT ANALYSIS BY SHIP MODES
SALES & PROFIT ANALYSIS BY PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
By segmentation
By category
By sub-category

 1.1 Defining the best sales season of the store.

    1.2 What is the average number of products per order?

2. Discuonts Vs Sales analysis.
3. Sales per year analysis.
4. Seasons Vs Sales analysis.
5. Number of products per order analysis.
6. Customer Segment Vs Sales analysis.
7. Region Vs Sales analysis.
8. Product Categorey Vs Sales analysis.
9. Product Sub-Categorey Vs Sales analysis



I tried dana analysis to make marketing strategy, which includes
-Importing and Data Preprocessing
-Which countries do they have sales?
All the data are in the United States.
-Top 20 states by sales
-Top 20 states by profit
Two important states are New York and California. New York is more profitable than California.
-What is the difference between New York and California ?
Sales and Profit scattering by customers of California
Sales and Profit scattering by customers of New York
New York has a outstanding customer which is high sales and profit.
- What is a outstanding customer in New York?
'Tom Ashbrook' contributes a lot to high profitability of New York.
If New York does not have 'Tom Ashbook', their average sales goes down from 749 to 717,and their average profit goes down from 178 to 167.But New York is still more profitable than California.
- Are there any difference among states in profitability ?
We can divide states to 'Black Statess' and 'Red States'.
-Top 20 cities by Sales
-Top 20 cities by Profit

Contents
1.Importing Libraries

2.Importing Data

3.Basic EDA

4.Distribution of Numerical Columns

5.Distribution of Categorical Columns

6.Sales with respect to Geographical features

7.Sales with respect to to Product based Features

8.Sales with respect to Service feature

9.Sales with respect to Customer Segment

10.Profit with respect to Geographical features

11.Profit with respect to to Product based Features

12.Profit with respect to Service feature

13.Profit with respect to Customer Segment

14.Number of Products sold with respect to Geographical features

15.Number of Products sold with respect to to Product based Features

16.Number of Products sold with respect to Service feature

17.Number of Products sold with respect to Customer Segment

18.Time Series Analysis of Sales, Profit, Quantity sold

19.Profit vs Sales (scatter plot)

20.Profit vs Sales Across various Features(scatter plot)

21.Sales Distribution Across various Features

22.Profit Distribution Across various Features




